welcome in my cooking channel check cook
pork and today we will be making potato
goulash growing up my mom used to make
this pretty often because you don't use
regular beef as you would for beef
goulash
but you just use a cabassa which is less
expensive and that's what we enjoy in it
it's one medium onion and here we have
potatoes because it's potato goulash we
have 4 medium potatoes and this is
amazing these are from my own garden I
go both heroes for the first time and
look at them it's amazing these are
golden potatoes but you can use any
potatoes you have and if you don't have
medium ones just get 3 big ones you will
see then we need 1 tablespoon of olive
oil now we need this Cabasa you can get
either polish kielbasa or here I have a
turkey kielbasa doesn't really matter
and this is the fancies then we have 2
tablespoons of paprika I like to use
Hungarian paprika it's really good then
we have 5 cups of water and you can use
either beef stock if you have or if you
don't have just use water and then use
this beef days 1 tablespoon then we have
a little bit of black pepper the 1
tablespoon of salt and when I was
growing up my mom didn't make it spicy
but I just like a little bit of spicy so
I add a tiny bit of cayenne pepper but
you have to be careful and if you don't
want spices just forget about it and
just use use use
get out it and then for our flower base
we will need another water so this time
is 1 cup water 1/2 cup of flour and to
spice it up at the end it's 1 tablespoon
of margarine marjoram is not very spicy
but it will bring the nice flavor so
let's start first thing we will do we
will slice our onion I already filled it
and you want to make it on small pieces
so I don't think I ever showed you guys
how I slice my onion to make it kind of
small chunks so cut it like this don't
go all the way to the end so it doesn't
fall fall apart on you just make up thin
lines and now this holds together
because you didn't go all the way to the
end and now you have a control over it
how thick or thin slices you want so
let's do a really thin ones so it goes
really really well when your end of it
super small slices I put the onion in
the pot and now I like to prepare all
the ingredients ahead of time so what we
will do next we will peel our potatoes
and cut them on small pieces potatoes
are peeled and washed now we can cut it
in small pieces about this big this way
it will cook faster and we like smaller
potato chunks next thing I like to
prepare ahead of time is cut this this
claw possum so what I do I like to cut
it like this
like lengthwise and now you just cut it
for my mouth ingredients are cut and
ready and now we can start cooking this
is pretty fast meal
you just pretty much wait till the
potatoes are soft and then it's done
let's add one tablespoon of oil and turn
on the flame and let's fry this onions
and you will have to steer it pretty
often but keep it on high because if you
do it on low then onions gets cooked but
doesn't really get fried and crispy the
onions have a nice color so the pot sees
but this is stainless steel pot and
that's what happens but it's much
healthier since Teflon so let's turn off
the flame and they'll be adding 2
tablespoons of paprika and you don't
want to add it while it's on the flame
because paprika can burn and then
becomes bitter we are adding 2
tablespoons this is hard to measure
because it's hard to come out sometimes
you make a big mess but it's ok 2
tablespoons of paprika let's do it a
little bit and turn on the flame but put
it on lower what number 6 because we
wanted a little bit to fry it but don't
burn it
to give a better flavour just a little
bit that's good and now let's add five
cups of water with the flame on high
let's add more ingredients we have one
tablespoon of salt a little bit of
pepper and a little bit of cayenne
pepper I want to put really little the
potatoes doesn't splash you can add also
the Cabasa so it's already the flavor
gets into into the calash and now and
then come and steer it and wait till it
starts to boil it starts to boil so
let's add one tablespoon of this beef
base
it's a organic beef base without msg so
it's not bad for you and if you want to
know which kind of music you can go
under the video click on the link and I
have products that I'm using and you can
purchase it put it on lower about number
six but have it still boiling a little
bit now we'll wait till the potatoes are
almost done and in a min meantime we
will prepare our flour mixture for our
flour mixture this will help to thicken
up the sauce because it's not a soup so
it has to be a little thicker so we have
1 cup of water
and half cup of flour let's put it all
together and with the whisk just mix it
together so I don't have big clumps it
doesn't take long and the potatoes are
almost done
so now that we'll be adding a flour
mixture I recommend using using this
strainer because you don't want to have
a big chunk so this is the water and
flour so let's add this but also have
and then stir it right away
see this is all that would end up in the
goulash and wouldn't be pretty let's put
this on higher a little bit and this
will thicken it up but keep steering
last thing we will be adding and is one
tablespoon of margarine
which is a great herb and in check that
a lot of flavor
keep stirring and cook it for a little
bit so we have a time to have this sauce
thicken up our potato goulash is done
doesn't it look amazing it's so good and
it was super fast too
and super easy